ref(integration-platform): Add URI formatting guidelines to docs (#5103)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/alert-rule-action.mdx

## Attributes

- `title` - (Required) The title shown in the UI component.

> - `uri` - (Required) Sentry will make a POST request to the URI when the User submits the form. If the services fails to process the request (status code >= 400), this component will bubble up the error to the User with the provided response text. See [URI Guidelines](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/#uri-guidelines) for formatting help.

Reviewer: Please update all of these references with the same edit I've made here:

```suggestion
- `uri` - (Required) Sentry will make a POST request to the URI when the User submits the form. If the services fails to process the request (status code >= 400), this component will bubble up the error to the User with the provided response text. Check out our [URI Guidelines](/product/integrations/integration-platform/ui-components/#uri-guidelines) documentation for formatting help.
```
